U.S. States Game
This is a fun, interactive game that helps you learn the names and locations of the U.S. states.
The goal of the game is to correctly guess all 50 states by typing their names. 
When you guess correctly, the state's name is displayed on a map of the United States. 
If you're unable to guess all the states, you can export a list of the states you missed to review later.

How to Play
The game displays a blank map of the U.S. with no state names.
You are prompted to enter the name of a U.S. state.
For each correct guess, the name of the state appears at its location on the map.
The game keeps track of how many states you’ve guessed correctly.
Type "Exit" to stop the game early and get a list of the states you missed, which will be saved in a file called States_to_learn.csv.

Requirements
Python 3.x installed on your machine.

Files
50_states.csv: A CSV file containing the names of the U.S. states along with their x and y coordinates on the map.
blank_states_img.gif: A blank image of the United States map that will be used in the game.
States_to_learn.csv: A file that is generated when you exit the game early. It contains the states you didn’t guess correctly.

Setup and Instructions
1. Install Dependencies
Make sure you have the pandas and turtle modules available. If not, you can install pandas with:
pip install pandas
turtle is part of Python’s standard library, so no separate installation is required.

2. Prepare the Files
Ensure the 50_states.csv file and the blank_states_img.gif map image are in the same directory as the Python script.

3. Running the Game
Run the script by executing the following command in your terminal:

4. Playing
You will be prompted to guess the name of a U.S. state.
Type the name of a state and hit Enter.
If correct, the state’s name will appear on the map at the correct location.
You can type "Exit" anytime to stop the game. The remaining states will be saved to a file called States_to_learn.csv.
5. Completing the Game
The game continues until you’ve guessed all 50 states or type "Exit."
Once the game ends, a list of the states you missed will be saved to States_to_learn.csv.

Customization
You can customize the game by modifying certain parameters:

Map Image: Replace blank_states_img.gif with any other map or image to create different guessing games.
CSV File: Modify the 50_states.csv file to change the states or locations.
